Expand docs on TLSv1 breaking change (#49352)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_7_0/settings.asciidoc

TLS version 1.0 is now disabled by default as it suffers from
https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Transport_Layer_Protection_Cheat_Sheet#Rule_-_Only_Support_Strong_Protocols[known security issues].
The default protocols are now TLSv1.3 (if supported), TLSv1.2 and TLSv1.1.

You can enable TLS v1.0 by configuring the relevant `ssl.supported_protocols` setting to include `"TLSv1"`.
Depending on your local configuration, and the TLS protocols that are in use
on your network, you may need to enable TLS v1.0 support in any or all of the
following places:

`xpack.security.http.ssl.supported_protocols`::
For incoming http connections to Elasticsearch's HTTP (Rest) interface.

> This will be required if there are clients that connect to {es} which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are clients that connect to {es} and
```

> do not support newer TLS versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not support newer TLS versions, this setting is required.
```

> this setting is required. 

Reviewer: Some later items in the list use alternative text, which I think is better:
```suggestion
you must update this setting.
```

`xpack.http.ssl.supported_protocols`::
For outgoing http connections from Watcher.

> This will be required if you have watches that connect to external HTTP servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have watches that connect to external HTTP servers
```

If you have watches that connect to external HTTP servers and do not support

> newer TLS versions, this setting is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
newer TLS versions, you must update this setting.
```

`xpack.security.authc.realms.ldap.{name}.ssl.supported_protocols`::
For outgoing LDAP connections from {security}.
This will be required if you have an LDAP realm enabled, and the LDAP directory
to which that realm connects does not support newer TLS versions.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.active_directory.{name}.ssl.supported_protocols`::
For outgoing Active Directory (LDAP) connections from {security}.
This will be required if you have an AD realm enabled, and the directory server
to which that realm connects does not support newer TLS versions.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.saml.{name}.ssl.supported_protocols`::
For outgoing HTTP connections to retrieve SAML metadata.
This will be required if you have a SAML realm enabled, and the realm is
configured to retrieve metadata over https (that is, `idp.metadata.path` is a
URL starting with `https://`) and the web server which hosts the metadata does
not support newer TLS versions.

`xpack.security.authc.realms.oidc.{name}.ssl.supported_protocols`::

> For outgoing HTTP connections to an OpenId Connect Authorization Server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For outgoing HTTP connections to an OpenId Connect Provider
```

This will be required if you have an OpenId Connect ("oidc") realm enabled,

> and the realm is configured to connect to a remote authorization server which

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and the realm is configured to connect to a remote OpenID Connect Provider which
```

to connect to a remote OpenID Connect Provider which does not support newer TLS
versions, you must update this setting.

`xpack.monitoring.exporters.{name}.ssl.supported_protocols`::
For remote monitoring data.
If your monitoring data is exported to a remote monitoring cluster and that
cluster is configured to only support TLSv1, you must update this setting.

`reindex.ssl.supported_protocols`::

> For reindex from remote. monitoring data.

Reviewer: I think this was added erroneously:
```suggestion
For reindex from remote. 
```
